README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="src/main/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi/ic_launcher_round.webp" alt="Neo Store's icon" width="192" height="192"/>
  <br>
  Neo Store
  <a href="https://shields.rbtlog.dev/com.machiav3lli.fdroid">
    <img alt="Reproducible build badge" src="https://shields.rbtlog.dev/simple/com.machiav3lli.fdroid?style=flat&labelColor=A8F8A5&color=98E796"/>
  </a>
</h1>

<p align="center"><strong>The modern and feature-rich F-Droid client for everyone!</strong></p>

<div align="center">
  
[![Latest stable release version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/NeoApplications/Neo-Store?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/releases/latest)
[![Github downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/total.svg?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/releases/)
[![GitHub repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/NeoApplications/Neo-Store?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/stargazers)
[![Small translation badge](https://img.shields.io/weblate/progress/neo-store?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/neo-store)
[![Project's License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/NeoApplications/Neo-Store?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](./COPYING)

</div>

<div align="center">

[<img src="get_iod.svg" alt="Get it on IzzyOnDroid" width="24%" align="center">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/com.machiav3lli.fdroid)
[<img src="get_fdroid.svg" alt="Get it on F-Droid" width="24%" align="center">](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.machiav3lli.fdroid)
[<img src="get_codeberg.svg" alt="Get it on Codeberg" width="24%" align="center">](https://codeberg.org/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/releases)
[<img src="get_github.svg" alt="Get it on GitHub" width="24%" align="center">](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/releases)

</div>

[![Neo Applications Banner](neo_banner.png)](https://github.com/NeoApplications)

## Features :abacus:

* UX focused on empowering users :fist:
* Fast repository sync times :airplane: 
* Awesome built-in repositories :toolbox:
* Easy exploration of new apps :mag:
* Minimalism with KISS principles :dart:

### Upcoming plans :eyes: [<img align="right" src="get_taiga.svg" alt="Follow our project on Taiga" width="24%" />](https://tree.taiga.io/project/machiav3lli-neo-store/kanban)

We also have a roadmap board on Taiga where you can see our future plans. Feel free to contact us if you'd like to contribute to any of the planned changes.

## Screenshots :framed_picture:

### Available in beautiful light :sun_with_face: and dark :new_moon_with_face: themes. Also with higher contrast or dynamic colors…

| <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/light.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/dark.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/black.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|

### Top downloaded apps, extensive filters & around 100 built-in repos :toolbox:

| <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/top_downloads.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/filters.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/repos.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|

### Reproducible build labels, privacy panel & comprehensive control over your repos

| <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/rb.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/privacy_panel.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/repo.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> |
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|

## Community :speech_balloon:

You can join either our [Telegram](https://t.me/neo_android_store) or [Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#neo-store:matrix.org) groups to make suggestions, ask questions, receive news, install test builds, or just chat.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://t.me/neo_android_store"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/Telegram_logo.svg" alt="Join Telegram Channel" width="11%" align="center"></a>
<a href="https://matrix.to/#/#neo-store:matrix.org"><img src="https://docs.cloudron.io/img/element-logo.png" alt="Join Matrix Channel" width="11%" align="center" /></a>
</p>

## Translations :left_speech_bubble: [<img align="right" src="https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/neo-store/-/287x66-white.png" alt="Translation stats" />](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/neo-store/?utm_source=widget)

Contribute your translations to Neo Store on [Hosted Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/neo-store/). <br> Adding new languages is always accepted and supported.

[![Translation stats](https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/neo-store/-/multi-auto.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/neo-store/?utm_source=widget)

## Special Thanks :heart:

To [Iamlooker](https://github.com/Iamlooker), who worked with me on maintaining the project, until he had to step away and fork out out of career-related reasons. Best of luck!

To [Donno](https://github.com/Donnnno) for the new app icon base.

### Contributors :handshake:

<a href="https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=NeoApplications/Neo-Store"  alt="Icons of contributors to Neo Store"/>
</a>

## Copylefted Libre License :scroll:

Licensed under the [GPLv3+](/COPYING). \
Direct adaptation/modification of [Foxy-Droid](https://github.com/kitsunyan/foxy-droid/).

Copyright © 2025 [Antonios Hazim](https://github.com/machiav3lli) and [contributors](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/graphs/contributors).

![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=NeoApplications/Neo-Store&type=Date)

Commit message:

Update README: Codeberg porject link instead of Taiga

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="src/main/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi/ic_launcher_round.webp" alt="Neo Store's icon" width="192" height="192"/>
  <br>
  Neo Store
  <a href="https://shields.rbtlog.dev/com.machiav3lli.fdroid">
    <img alt="Reproducible build badge" src="https://shields.rbtlog.dev/simple/com.machiav3lli.fdroid?style=flat&labelColor=A8F8A5&color=98E796"/>
  </a>
</h1>

<p align="center"><strong>The modern and feature-rich F-Droid client for everyone!</strong></p>

<div align="center">
  
[![Latest stable release version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/NeoApplications/Neo-Store?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/releases/latest)
[![Github downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/total.svg?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/releases/)
[![GitHub repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/NeoApplications/Neo-Store?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/stargazers)
[![Small translation badge](https://img.shields.io/weblate/progress/neo-store?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/neo-store)
[![Project's License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/NeoApplications/Neo-Store?style=flat&labelColor=AAFFAA&color=00AA44)](./COPYING)

</div>

<div align="center">

[<img src="get_iod.svg" alt="Get it on IzzyOnDroid" width="24%" align="center">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/com.machiav3lli.fdroid)
[<img src="get_fdroid.svg" alt="Get it on F-Droid" width="24%" align="center">](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.machiav3lli.fdroid)
[<img src="get_codeberg.svg" alt="Get it on Codeberg" width="24%" align="center">](https://codeberg.org/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/releases)
[<img src="get_github.svg" alt="Get it on GitHub" width="24%" align="center">](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/releases)

</div>

[![Neo Applications Banner](neo_banner.png)](https://github.com/NeoApplications)

## Features :abacus:

* UX focused on empowering users :fist:
* Fast repository sync times :airplane: 
* Awesome built-in repositories :toolbox:
* Easy exploration of new apps :mag:
* Minimalism with KISS principles :dart:

### Upcoming plans :eyes: [<img align="right" src="check_codeberg.svg" alt="Follow our project on Codeberg" width="20%" />](https://codeberg.org/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/projects/29321)

We now have a roadmap board on Codeberg, where you can see our future plans, comment them and see if you'd like to contribute to any of them.

## Screenshots :framed_picture:

### Available in beautiful light :sun_with_face: and dark :new_moon_with_face: themes. Also with higher contrast or dynamic colors…

| <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/light.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/dark.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/black.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|

### Top downloaded apps, extensive filters & around 100 built-in repos :toolbox:

| <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/top_downloads.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/filters.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/repos.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|

### Reproducible build labels, privacy panel & comprehensive control over your repos

| <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/rb.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/privacy_panel.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> | <img title="" src="metadata/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/repo.png" alt="" width="330" align="center"> |
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|

## Community :speech_balloon:

You can join either our [Telegram](https://t.me/neo_android_store) or [Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#neo-store:matrix.org) groups to make suggestions, ask questions, receive news, install test builds, or just chat.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://t.me/neo_android_store"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/Telegram_logo.svg" alt="Join Telegram Channel" width="11%" align="center"></a>
<a href="https://matrix.to/#/#neo-store:matrix.org"><img src="https://docs.cloudron.io/img/element-logo.png" alt="Join Matrix Channel" width="11%" align="center" /></a>
</p>

## Translations :left_speech_bubble: [<img align="right" src="https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/neo-store/-/287x66-white.png" alt="Translation stats" />](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/neo-store/?utm_source=widget)

Contribute your translations to Neo Store on [Hosted Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/neo-store/). <br> Adding new languages is always accepted and supported.

[![Translation stats](https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/neo-store/-/multi-auto.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/neo-store/?utm_source=widget)

## Special Thanks :heart:

To [Iamlooker](https://github.com/Iamlooker), who worked with me on maintaining the project, until he had to step away and fork out out of career-related reasons. Best of luck!

To [Donno](https://github.com/Donnnno) for the new app icon base.

### Contributors :handshake:

<a href="https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=NeoApplications/Neo-Store"  alt="Icons of contributors to Neo Store"/>
</a>

## Copylefted Libre License :scroll:

Licensed under the [GPLv3+](/COPYING). \
Direct adaptation/modification of [Foxy-Droid](https://github.com/kitsunyan/foxy-droid/).

Copyright © 2025 [Antonios Hazim](https://github.com/machiav3lli) and [contributors](https://github.com/NeoApplications/Neo-Store/graphs/contributors).

![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=NeoApplications/Neo-Store&type=Date)
